README.md, before:

# Simple Store

A simple, `select`-xcellent state management library with the power of Jotai and Zustand combined.

```tsx
import { store } from "@simplestack/store";
import { useStoreValue } from "@simplestack/store/react";

// Define your store with an initial state
const documentStore = store({
  title: "Untitled",
  authors: ["Ada", "Ben"],
  meta: {
    pages: 3,
    tags: ["draft", "internal"],
  },
});

// Select parts of a store to listen to individually
const titleStore = documentStore.select("title");
const tagsStore = documentStore.select("meta").select("tags");

function Document() {
  // Update your UI with the store's current state
  const { title, tags } = useStoreValue(documentStore);
  return (
    <div>
      {title} {tags.join(", ")}
    </div>
  );
}

function Title() {
  // And scope updates with selected stores for fine-grained control
  const title = useStoreValue(titleStore);
  return (
    <input value={title} onChange={(e) => titleStore.set(e.target.value)} />
  );
}
```

## API

### store(initial)

Creates a store with `get`, `set`, `subscribe`, and (for objects and arrays) `select`.

- Parameters: `initial: number | string | boolean | null | undefined | object`
- Returns: `Store<T>` where `T` is inferred from `initial` or supplied via generics

```ts
import { store } from "@simplestack/store";

const counter = store(0);
counter.set((n) => n + 1);
console.log(counter.get()); // 1

// Select parts of a store for objects and arrays
const doc = store({ title: "x" });
const title = doc.select("title");
```

### React

#### useStoreValue(store)

React hook to subscribe to a store and get its current value.

- Parameters: `store: Store<T> | undefined`
- Returns: `T | undefined`

```tsx
import { store } from "@simplestack/store";
import { useStoreValue } from "@simplestack/store/react";

const counterStore = store(0);

function Counter() {
  const counter = useStoreValue(counterStore);
  return (
    <button onClick={() => counterStore.set((n) => n + 1)}>{counter}</button>
  );
}
```

## Type Reference

These types are exported for TypeScript users.

- StateObject: `Record<string | number | symbol, any>`
- StatePrimitive: `string | number | boolean | null | undefined`
- Setter<T>: `T | ((state: T) => T)`
- Store<T>:
  - `get(): T`
  - `set(setter: Setter<T>): void`
  - `subscribe(callback: (state: T) => void): () => void`
  - `select(key: K): Store<SelectValue<T, K>>`: present only when `T` is an object or array

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit an issue or pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details.

Commit message:

Update README with clearer library description

README.md, after:

# Simple Store

A simple, `select`-xcellent state management library that makes it easier to manage shared state in React.

```tsx
import { store } from "@simplestack/store";
import { useStoreValue } from "@simplestack/store/react";

// Define your store with an initial state
const documentStore = store({
  title: "Untitled",
  authors: ["Ada", "Ben"],
  meta: {
    pages: 3,
    tags: ["draft", "internal"],
  },
});

// Select parts of a store to listen to individually
const titleStore = documentStore.select("title");
const tagsStore = documentStore.select("meta").select("tags");

function Document() {
  // Update your UI with the store's current state
  const { title, tags } = useStoreValue(documentStore);
  return (
    <div>
      {title} {tags.join(", ")}
    </div>
  );
}

function Title() {
  // And scope updates with selected stores for fine-grained control
  const title = useStoreValue(titleStore);
  return (
    <input value={title} onChange={(e) => titleStore.set(e.target.value)} />
  );
}
```

## API

### store(initial)

Creates a store with `get`, `set`, `subscribe`, and (for objects and arrays) `select`.

- Parameters: `initial: number | string | boolean | null | undefined | object`
- Returns: `Store<T>` where `T` is inferred from `initial` or supplied via generics

```ts
import { store } from "@simplestack/store";

const counter = store(0);
counter.set((n) => n + 1);
console.log(counter.get()); // 1

// Select parts of a store for objects and arrays
const doc = store({ title: "x" });
const title = doc.select("title");
```

### React

#### useStoreValue(store)

React hook to subscribe to a store and get its current value.

- Parameters: `store: Store<T> | undefined`
- Returns: `T | undefined`

```tsx
import { store } from "@simplestack/store";
import { useStoreValue } from "@simplestack/store/react";

const counterStore = store(0);

function Counter() {
  const counter = useStoreValue(counterStore);
  return (
    <button onClick={() => counterStore.set((n) => n + 1)}>{counter}</button>
  );
}
```

## Type Reference

These types are exported for TypeScript users.

- StateObject: `Record<string | number | symbol, any>`
- StatePrimitive: `string | number | boolean | null | undefined`
- Setter<T>: `T | ((state: T) => T)`
- Store<T>:
  - `get(): T`
  - `set(setter: Setter<T>): void`
  - `subscribe(callback: (state: T) => void): () => void`
  - `select(key: K): Store<SelectValue<T, K>>`: present only when `T` is an object or array

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit an issue or pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details.
